I have part of a plan what percentage of
a plan do you have you don't get to ask
questions after the nonsense you pulled
on knowhere
I just saved quill we've already
established that you destroying the ship
that I'm on is not saving me what do we
Estelle like three seconds ago no listen
listen man thinking there's something
else oh she's right you don't get an
opinion what percentage I don't know
12% 12% it's real
totally fake that is the most real
authentic hysterical laugh of my entire
life because that is not a plan barely a
concept you're taking their side I am
Groot so what it's better than 11% what
the hell does that have to do with
anything
Thank You Groot thank you see roots the
only one of you who has a clue